Now let's label the goggles layer.
Next we're going to work on his shirt so we'll add a new layer and using the Lasso tool.
We're just going to trace it out like we've done with all the other shapes.
Remember Take your time on this.
You don't have to go super fast.
You just want to make sure that you're accurate.
Now let's fill that in.
I want to fill it in with the same exact color as the goggles.
But if you unselected that color like let's say I have unselected it and I'm on a light gray now but
I still want to get back to that exact color.
What you can do is use the eyedropper which is this little guy right here.
We're going to select him and then when we click on the area it's going to switch our color selection
to what other whatever color we've just selected.
So if I click here you see it turns to white.
If I click here it turns to black.
So I go ahead and select that dark gray and now I'm going to fill our shapen with that color.
Awesome.
Now let's drag our layer underneath our scarf layer.
Perfect.
And then let's not forget to label it so we'll call it shirt
gray.
Now let's go ahead and move on to his gloves.
No we can't see where his glove starts.
So we're going to go ahead and turn off the shirt layer so we can see that line there.
So let's go ahead and let's trace that out.
And we want to put both the gloves on the same layer.
So once we get this guy traced out I'm going to show you how we do that
all right.
Now that guy is traced out.
So now we're going to come over to our second glove and hold down shift.
You'll see a little plus sign come up next to your cursor.
What this means is now you can add another shape to this shape even though they're not touching yet.
They'll still be the same selection.
So while holding down shift make your first point as you've made your first point go out and make your
second point and after that point you can go ahead and let go if you don't like go it's going to try
to make these perfect degree lines.
So it's going to try to make 45 degree lines and 90 degree lines.
You don't want that.
So let go of shift and it will continue to let you add the shape to your first shape
great.
Now let's go ahead and fill that in.
We're going to fill it in with a light gray color a little bit past the mid grade up there.
So use our paint bucket.
And don't forget to create a new layer.
I almost forgot.
Don't forget.
So add that layer in and fill our shapes in.
Great.
Now let's label that layer and call it loves.
Now we can turn on our shirt layer.
Now you can see our character is starting to come together.
Now let's go ahead and do those pants.
So let's create a layer underneath our shirt.
Now we'll do that by selecting the folder underneath the shirt layer and adding a new layer.
Now let's trace those pants out.
Now the reason why we make our shapes overlap other shapes is because we don't want to see a gap between
our two values.
If we were to create a shape and try to go right along this edge we'd probably create a tiny tiny gap
or we'd see a pixel of white from the background.
And we don't want that.
So that's why we make them overlap.
OK let's go ahead and let's fill these pants in.
We're going to fill them in with a color a little bit darker than our gloves.
So using my color picker I'm going to select that Gray.
So now I can come over to the color selection and bring down that Gray.
So we know that it's just a little bit below this color of gray it will fill that in great novelists
label that path.
Next let's do our Boop why add a new layer do just the same thing that we have before and trace out
those blue shapes fill them in with a dark gray.
Let's turn off our pan Slayer so we can see where the top of our boot is.
Let's go ahead and trace those boots out.
Then holding down shift will add a new selection.
Remember to let go of shift after you've made your second point.
Otherwise it's going to try to create these straight lines.
All right.
Now let's fill that in with a dark gray
and they go about their And we'll fill that in.
Now we can turn our pants layer on and label our boot layer we call it boots.
Now lastly we need to add the values to our sword.
Let's create a new layer
we're going to separate the sword into two different parts.
We're going to separate it into the handle and the blade.
So let's start with the handle.
Going to go ahead and trace that and allow.
So let's fill that in with a dark grey.
Let's use the same color as a scarf now rather than go in and selecting the eyedropper the hot key for
it is the letter I on your keyboard will select it.
Now we'll switch back over to the paint can by hitting the letter G and we'll fill that shapen
next.
Let's do the Bley So we'll add a new layer.
Let's label that layer we'll call it handle.
Now let's add a new layer.
And let's trace out the blade.
Then let's fill that in with a gradient.
So we're going to create a gradient with the color we already have selected which is the same color
as the scarf and is handle the second color is going to be a little bit lighter than that.
So let's use the eyedropper and we'll select that color again and then we can bring that color up to
about midpoint will hit.
OK.
Now let's make sure that our paint can is actually the gradient tool and we'll create that gradient.
Awesome.
Now let's drag that layer below our handle layer and let's label it.
Blade
great.
Let's zoom out and see how this is working.
Awesome.
You can see that we're really starting to develop our character and bring them to life.
I hope this lecture was helpful for you and you found it very useful.
I can't wait to see you in the next one where we're going to start adding the details her character
that are going to really bring them to life.